Add splay to health check execution (#7850)
habitat-sh/habitat: components/habitat-chef-io/content/habitat/application-lifecycle-hooks.md

File location: `<plan>/hooks/file-updated`. This hook is run whenever a configuration file that is not related to a user or about the state of the service instances is updated.

### health-check

> File location: `<plan>/hooks/health-check`. This hook is run periodically on a configurable interval. There are two exceptions to the interval used between `health-check` runs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File location: `<plan>/hooks/health-check`.(Default: 30 seconds) This hook repeats at a configured interval. There are two exceptions to the interval used between `health-check` runs:
```

  - If the `health-check` hook exits with a non-`ok` status the next `health-check` will run after the default `health-check` interval (thirty seconds). This is only done when the configured interval is greater than the default interval.

>   - Following the first `ok` `health-check` the next `health-check` will run after a randomly chosen delay between zero and the configured interval. This is done to introduce splay between `health-check` runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If the `health-check` hook returns an `ok` status, then the next `health-check` runs after a randomly chosen delay between zero and the `health-check` interval. For example, if the `health-check` interval uses the default setting, then the next check runs at some time between 0-30 seconds. This introduces a splay--a degree of difference--between the first and second `health-check` runs, to confirm the state of the service. All subsequent checks run at the configured interval.
```
